hello
we should be live yes jamie you did just
make it
um once again we are on not the lowest
of latencies we're on kind of the
regular
so there's a little bit more of a lag
between me and you
but
i should be reading at you most of the
time so it shouldn't make that big of a
difference
except for right now there we go you
guys have caught up hello
[Music]
and nala
is it just me anola or have i not seen
you in a second in a live stream
not to be like intrusive like where have
you been but just like i don't think
i've seen you
maybe you've been lurking
i don't know anyway hello
i love all of the familiar names
if i think about it too long it's going
to make me emotional
oh you've slept in analla is there
really
anything better
than sleeping in let's be honest
by the way i love lurkers i am one of
them i am queen lurker
you do not need to feel the need to
comment if you don't want to
i did
as per usual
as per usual once again i have a cough
and i have asthma and it takes forever
to go away i really need to get to a
doctor but until then please forgive the
occasional cough
i
like it just as much as you do
and i didn't scramble today
by the way i mean i kind of didn't
scramble today i got everything done
except
looking at the pronunciation guide again
i got so close
to doing everything
before i had to go live i was i got so
close but i'm not scrambling today
other than that i got everything done on
time
and a little bit ahead of time
i am very good at adulting
i'm really not
d thank you
yeah
may everybody's health get better
but yeah it's a it's a lingering cough
from
kovid
anything that affects my throat just
sticks around because i had asthma when
i was a kid and i really should go get
an inhaler
and i really need to but with all the
moving stuff and with everything happens
so much going on right now
kira how is the move going i've actually
got a um i'm working on putting together
a
public post on patreon so anybody can
view it
um kind of giving a
state of the union on how the move is
going
and costs
and i've got lovely pictures so that you
can see exactly
what we're having to deal with when
we're talking about emptying out this
house
so that
the wife and i can move in
it's a real tall order but details on
that are are coming very soon i have to
kind of compile
this patreon post but i'll be linking it
everywhere whenever it's up because it's
a big
it's a big thing going on
oh katie this is your first time here
for the reading
yay
speaking of first timers if you haven't
if this is like your first time on this
channel or joining this series and you
have no idea what else i've been up to
um i have i have not read the book book
before but i have seen the untamed
that's the only part of modal sushi that
i've seen i haven't seen the dongwa or
you know read the comic version or
anything
like that i have only seen the untamed
and i am reading through the book for
the first time so i know things
but i don't know everything
basically
um snow queen i probably won't open a
tick tock
maybe i you know if i do something that
they do have they do have short videos
on youtube i might i might upload some
shorts especially today's thursday right
especially like tomorrow because i have
a nice big long day at the new place
tomorrow
meeting with like electricians and air
conditioning people and
cleaning out stuff
so i may actually take the time to do a
youtube short but i am i visit tick-tock
every now and then but there are a
couple of reasons why i'm just generally
anti-tick-tock
kind of like how i'm also anti-facebook
different reasons but yeah
meandering everybody is so nice here
here
on patreon
on the discord which is patrons but you
know still
just everywhere everybody is so nice
everybody
the kindness it's the kindness for me
aya it's so good that you're here don't
really unlike really don't worry about
commenting if you don't wanna or if
you're not comfortable
we love a lurker we support lurkers
totally but i'm very glad you're here
yay hi aya
doorknob again one of my favorite urls
doorknob
you just got here you're right on time
we are right about to open up because
it's been a few minutes and people have
had a chance to get in
we are on
page 252
in
chapter six
we had just done we had just done saving
jindaling from uh
inside the walls
right
we had just done that oh yeah and we're
about to come up in the middle of
the love
the lovely uh
scene now that jiang chong and wei
wushan are in the same room again
and zhang chung knows
who he is we're about to do that
loveliness we're starting off on a real
high note today
paul donez i hope that's how you
pronounce that
i had a shower speed run earlier today
too so that my hair could dry in time
i i have i have shower speed run feels
yeah snow queen the reunion of
zhengchang and way we shan
uh so we are i believe we're towards the
top of 252 although hang on let me
confirm
i believe yeah we're like at the middle
we're in the middle of 252.
and uh
is right in the middle of you know
not literally sicking
the dog on wushan but just to get close
enough to freak him out
so that's about where we are
and
it's almost 3 40 so we can go ahead and
i can remove the absolutely
gorgeous
bookmark that was gifted to me
in the last stream
we're going to gingerly placed it also
i'm
i never notice anything
i really don't and um
it was the wife who noticed
uh this one oh i don't know what area it
has at the bottom
but it's it's official like moda sushi
stuff there's the cloud recesses
um which i thought it looked familiar
there's the cloud recesses logo at the
top and then
i can't off hand recognize
the land that's at the bottom
but the one that's still in its sleeve
over here has some lotuses for lotus
peer
on the second one so they are actually
different
did i notice that
no that was the wife the wife is the one
who notices things
about surroundings i usually only notice
things about like people
everything else
no
so in the middle of page 252
all right let me get the thing over here
so that i can't see my face but i can
see the chat
awesome
okay
here we are
being in the same room as this creature
already had waywu shannon a cold sweat
but seeing a vicious dog half the size
of a grown man appearing inches in front
of him in an instant with its teeth
bared its ears perked and its eyes sharp
the sound of its low growling sounding
by by his ears
waves of numbness course through him
from the bottoms of his feet to the top
of his head he didn't remember much
anymore of his time wandering the
streets homeless when he was younger the
only thing he did remember was the panic
of being chased and the unbearable pain
of the sharp teeth and claws of dogs
digging into his flesh
the fear had been deeply planted in his
heart back then and could not fade or be
overcome
no matter what
suddenly jang chung gave him a side eye
what's your name
way wushan's wits were so scrambled that
he couldn't recall whether he said
anyone's name right then it wasn't until
jang chung commanded the black-haired
spirit dog to retreat that he arduously
regained himself after blanking for a
moment he wrenched his head back zhang
chung meanwhile had left his seat a
horse whip hung a skew on his waist and
he rested his hand over it bending down
to regard weiwu shan's face
after a brief pause he straightened up
he said speaking of i forgot to ask you
since when have you gotten along so well
with lan wong xi
oh
queerness is always the giveaway isn't
it
way wushan instantly figured out whose
name he had blurted unconsciously just
now
jane chung smiled darkly it really is
curious why he went to such lengths to
protect you that time at mount duffan
he then quickly corrected himself
no the one lan wang ji was protecting
might not have been you after all there
is no way the land clan of guzu would
forget what you and that loyal dog of
yours have done how could someone like
him
so lauded for his manners in solemn
righteousness possibly tolerate you
perhaps he shares some sort of
relationship with this body you've
stolen
okay
that's the level we're starting out
all right all right
[Music]
his words were harsh and cruel yeah
everything he said was backhanded praise
heavy with implication
way wishing couldn't listen anymore he
said watch your tongue
i never do did you forget that perhaps
zhang chung said i must have way wushan
said derisively
changed snorted as if you're one to tell
me to watch my tongue did you remember
to watch your tongue with jin ling back
at mount defen
weiwishan's face instantly stiffened
zhang chung having cornered him again
appeared to brighten up once more
he sneered didn't your mother teach you
any manners what an excellent rebuke so
well said
the reason there's so much talk behind
jin ling's back is all thanks to you an
elder of your eminence is apt to forget
you've forgotten the things you said
forgotten the promises you've made but
don't you dare forget exactly how his
parents died
way washan's head shut up i didn't
forget i was only
but no matter how hard he tried he came
up short on how to continue after that
only
only what are you tongue tied that's all
right you can return to lotus peer kneel
before my parents alter and take your
time to think about what to say
way was shane composed himself his mind
turning rapidly as he tried to think of
a way to get out of this
although he missed lotus peer
desperately the place he wanted to
return to wasn't the lotus pair of today
which had changed beyond recognition
suddenly there was the sound of urgent
footfalls dashing close the door banged
with the sound of someone slapping palms
jinling was calling from outside the
room juju
jang chung raised his voice didn't i
tell you to stay where you were what are
you doing here
juju i have something very important to
tell you
gentling exclaimed what is so important
that you have to say it right now
instead of when i was scolding you
earlier
demanded jindling retorted angrily it's
because you kept scolding me earlier
that i didn't say anything do you want
to listen or not if not then i'm not
going to tell you anymore
jang chung flung the door open fuming
out with it then scram
gently stepped inside the moment the
wooden door opened he had already
changed into a new set of white uniform
robes i actually did went into something
really troublesome today i think i ran
into wen ning
knitted and his hand was immediately on
his sword he looked murderous when where
this afternoon gentling said about five
kilometers from here there's a
dilapidated house i only went there
because i'd heard there'd been unusual
sightings who knew a fierce corpse was
hidden inside
jin ling made it sound so real but every
word way we shan heard was a bald-faced
lie he knew better than anyone where
where jin ling had been earlier this
afternoon
besides once when ning went into hiding
unless way wishing summoned him directly
he would never allow a junior to
discover his trail so easily
why didn't you say so sooner jan chung
said i wasn't sure jin ling said the
fierce corpse moved extremely fast the
moment i went over it fled and i only
just caught a glimpse of its shadow
before it got away but back at mount
defend i heard there i heard those
chains that were on him which was why i
wondered if it might be him if you
didn't yell at me so much i would have
told you the moment i got back and now
if he's run off and you don't manage to
catch him you'll have to blame your own
bad temper
not me
oh
jin ling jin ling got some jin jin ling
got some
um we'll call it spine uh-huh
damn
he clearly wanted to poke his head in
further but zhang chung angrily shut the
door into space with a bang he said
through the door i'll deal with you
later beat it
jindling owed
and the sound of his footsteps retreated
into the distance seeing jake chun turn
around way wishing quickly screwed his
face into a complicated expression as if
you were losing color from alarm as if
panic thoughts were racing through his
mind my secret's been found out what to
do when things been discovered
chin ling was pretty clever he knew jing
chung hated wedding to the very marrow
of his bones and was able to lie to his
face on the spot and so smoothly too
chiang chang had known the yielding
patriarch often appeared together with
the ghost general to wreak havoc and he
already suspected that wending was
nearby on hearing jinling's story he
believed it sixty percent
after weibund's reaction he believed
another twenty percent on top of that he
was engulfed with rage whenever he heard
wending's name his anger surging to his
head so he had no sense left in him to
doubt
his chest was going to explode from fury
he raised the whip lashing the ground
right next to waywu shan
he spat hatefully you really do take
that good obedient dog of yours
everywhere
he's already a dead man and i was dead
once too what more do you want
from us
when we shall ask
jang chung pointed at him with the whip
what more do i want he can die a
thousand times ten thousand times and my
hatred will not be appeased since he
didn't perish back then very good i will
destroy him myself today i will burn
him to ashes
right now
right in front of you
that's low
if that was even intended and it's mxtx
so it's probably intended
that's
that's a low blow
he slammed the door in his wake barking
instructions to jin ling in the main
hall watch the man in the room carefully
don't believe anything he says don't
listen to anything he says don't let him
utter a single sound if he dares to
whistle or play the flute gag him if you
can't cut off his hands or his tongue
wow if you can't gag him just you know
cut out his tongue
wavy sham knew jang chung said that
purposely for him to hear to threaten
him to not try anything funny
and of course not taking him along was
guarding against weiwu shan
seizing the opportunity to control wen
ning however jin ling didn't sound
worried in the least
i got it it's not like i don't know how
to watch someone juju what were you
doing locked in that room with that damn
cut sleeve what do you do now
jengton replied that's none of your
business remember to keep a good eye on
him if he disappears so help me i'll
break your legs
he then demanded the general direction
of his target and set off to pursue the
non-existent one ning with half the
disciples in tow
after a brief wait jin ling's arrogant
voice issued a command you go over there
you go stand watch on the side you guys
stand by the main entrance i'm going to
go in and have a talk with him
the sec disciples didn't dare disobey
and acknowledge the order a short moment
later the door to the room was open and
ginling's head poked in his eyes shining
with pride at his own cleverness
weiwushan sat up and schindling raised a
finger to his lips he walked in lightly
and placed his hand on zidion mumbling
an incantation under his breath
zidane would only obey the command of
one it acknowledged as a legitimate
owner zhang chung must have instructed
it to recognize jin ling as such since
the electrical current ooh quiet
instantly ooh quiet ooh we love we love
a word
the whip transformed into a silver ring
adorned with a purple crystal which
dropped into gently's fair-skinned palm
gentling whispered go
the sec disciples of the jangle clan of
young mung had been scattered everywhere
at his haphazard orders and making use
of the disorder that
the two tipped toward
wow the two tiptoed to make their escape
by hopping out the window and scrambling
up the wall once out of the end they
bolted soundlessly after running into
the forest way wushan heard an unusual
sound behind him when he looked back he
completely lost his mind with terror why
is it following us too tell it to go
away
jin ling blew two short whistles the
black-haired spirit dog panted with its
long lolling tongue wind and flicked its
pointy ears a few times then turned
around and ran off looking depressed
jin ling said derisively
you're so useless fairy never bites
anyone it only looks ferocious that's
all you see a spirit dog that's
undergone strict training and only bites
evil creatures and you take it for an
average canine hold up wait roshan said
what did you call it
fairy that's its name jinding replied
you gave a dog a name like that way
rochan was shocked
gentling replied with full confidence
what's wrong with that when it was
little it was called little fairy i
can't keep calling it that
now that it's grown
way way chant had to dispute this
explanation no no no no that's not the
issue who taught you how to name pets
but there was no doubt in wei wishan's
mind that it must have been his uncle
jiang chung had also kept several
puppies in the past and they were all
named with something like jasmine
fei-fei shai
or other such wanton brothel names
jin ling said men don't bother with such
trifling matters so why are you
nitpicking this alright stop after
offending my uncle you would have lost
half your life for sure now that i'm
letting you go we're even
do you know why your uncle apprehended
me ray rashan asked yeah he suspects
your way wushan jindling said way
washand thought it's not suspicion this
time he caught the right person
then he asked what about you aren't you
suspicious
it's not the first time my uncle has
done something like this jingling said
he would always rather catch the wrong
person than let them go but since zidian
couldn't whip out your soul i've
determined for now that you can't be him
besides that whey guy is in the cut
sleeve but he's still dared to harass
he didn't say to whom the harassment was
directed cutting off the topic with a
violent shudder then waving him off like
he was chewing away the god of
misfortune
either way from today onward you are no
longer affiliated with the gin clan of
landlang don't come knocking on my
family's door if you're going to be all
nutty otherwise i won't let you off easy
jin ling turned to leave after he'd said
his piece however after taking a few
steps he turned his head back
what are you standing around for are you
waiting for my uncle to come and catch
you let me make this clear don't think
i'll be grateful to you just because you
saved me and don't expect me to say
anything sappy either
way we shouldn't stir it over with his
hands clasp behind his back
young man
wow wuchan starting a sentence with
young man sometimes in life there are a
few sappy things one must say
why do i feel like that's gross
i feel like that's gross
oh god sorry i just act um yeah okay
what ginling asked
thank you
and i'm sorry the way we shan replied
ooh no
it's fine
jin ling clicked his tongue well i
refuse what are you gonna do about it
there will come a day
when he
i hate this book
i hate this story
i hate mxtx
i hate everybody in this bar
there will come a day when you'll say
them through tears way wushan said
jin ling scoffed and waywishan suddenly
said it himself i'm sorry
jindling was taken back
what
what i said to you back at mount dufan
i'm sorry wait washan said
it wasn't the first time jin ling had
heard the accusation mother didn't teach
you manners but no one had ever
apologized so earnestly before
to be hit right in the face with right
in the face with a sorry
left him not knowing what to feel and
surprisingly he became altogether
uncomfortable
he waved wildly and humped it's nothing
it's not like you're the first person to
say that anyway it's true i don't have a
mother but i'm not any less than anyone
just because of that in any case i'm
going to make everyone see clearly that
i'm much stronger than all of you
oh wow that just encapsulated jindling's
entire psyche in that one quote
also were we able to get did we get a
direct apology for the
you know lack of mothering skill did we
get that in the untamed did they do that
anywhere
i don't think so
i wonder
i guess they just didn't have the
opportunity
unless i'm forgetting a scene and like
just forgetting a little moment
yeah yeah we got that in the show
am i forgetting that then because i'm
over here like oh
what a nice little you know resolution
granted it's a 50 episode series
i've seen it twice
but oh it's there
sorry all the emotion just knocked me
right off track
there we go
weiwou shan smiled and was about to
speak when his face suddenly changed
colors he exclaimed
stunned zhang chung you
jin ling had stolen zidion and released
the man he was already feeling jumpy the
moment he heard that name he spun around
in a hurry and weirshan took the chance
to hand chop his neck
he laid gently down on the ground and
rolled up his trouser cuff to inspect
the curse mark on his leg he tried i
remember exactly where this apology
would go to like i know because they're
following really closely
[Music]
i know where this would be
but i can remember everything but for
some reason i'm blanking on the apology
anyway
he laid jin ling down on the ground and
rolled up his trouser cuff to inspect
the curse mark on his leg he tried a few
methods but none made the mark fade
knowing this to be a troublesome
affliction he let out a sigh a moment
later while he couldn't dissolve the
curse mark he could transfer it onto his
own body
because of course
of course this would of just of course
to the whole to this whole
situation this whole bit
[__] of course
would it go any other way
no it would not
it was a while before gentling slowly
came too he felt his neck where a slight
pain still lingered he was so angry he
left up and pulled his sword on the spot
you actually hit me not even my uncle
has hit me before
that's an important piece of information
i feel
considering all of the threats and of
the way that zhang chung
talks to jin ling
that's actually really important to know
that zhang chung has never actually hit
him before
wayward shannon was shocked
really didn't he always say he was going
to break your legs see
he's all talk jingling exclaimed
furiously you damn cut sleeve what are
you up to i we shane hugged his head and
cried at a target behind jin ling ah
hang on jun the same trick twice in a
row
really
really way with shan
the almighty trickster
we wish and hugged his head and cried at
a target behind [__] oh the
jingling was more scared of lan wong ji
than he was of his uncle since his uncle
was family but heng mon jun was not
stricken he turned and fled yelling as
he ran you damn cut sleeve cursed
lunatic i'll remember this we're not
done
i mean i guess if it works on this kid
twice
then i mean if it ain't broke
wave shane was laughing so hard at his
retreat that he couldn't breathe once
jindling was gone he felt a dull trickle
in this dull tickle in his chest he
coughed for a bit before slowly raining
in his laughter only then did he have
the time to think upon other things way
wuchan had been nine years old when
zhang thang me and carried him home
oh no
no
we're not going back there come on
come on
the memories he had of that time were
mostly blurry by now but jin ling's
mother jang young lee
remembered and had told him of it
she said that when her father learned of
the death of wei wushen's parent zhang
fengman
had been determined to search for the
child his old friends had left behind he
searched for a long time before finally
finding that child in the yiling area
the first time he set eyes on the child
he was kneeling on the ground eating
fruit peels that others had thrown away
winters and springs and yielding were
very cold this child's clothing was
threadbare with the knees worn to
tatters and he clumsily balanced on his
toes and two different shoes neither one
the right size
although he was deeply immersed in
rummaging for fruit
for fruit peels when zhang fangman
called out to him he still remembered
his name had a ying in it and looked up
his cheeks were red and cracked from the
cold but he still
but he still wore a smile
jesus [__] god
we're breathing we're breathing
it's fine
yeah
jen young lee
said he had been born with a smiling
face a natural smiling fortune
no sadness would be taken to heart and
he could be cheerful under any
circumstances it made him sound like a
simpleton
but it was a good thing
we're coming after my emotions today
ah
zhang feng min fed
a mere piece of melon and that was
enough for him to let shane fing man
take him back
jing chung had been only eight or nine
at the time and kept several puppies as
pets at lotus pier
feng min
i'll learn how to pronounce that
noticed weiwu shen was terrified of dogs
so he softly instructed zhang chung to
give those puppies away
jang chung was very unwilling to do so
and through a tantrum complete with
hurling things furious glares and
tearful hysterical outbursts however in
the end the dogs were still sent away
which and i think i've said this before
i would have had the exact same response
as jing chung
you don't take my [__] dogs okay you
don't take my dogs
you don't as a full-grown woman i would
have had the same reaction as like what
eight-year-old jake chung
valid valid response to the situation
i'm just saying
although he harbored animosity toward
wei wuchen because of this for a long
time after the two grew close they
henceforth became a true disaster duo
that wreaked havoc wherever they went
when they ran into dogs after this zhang
chung was always the one chasing them
off for
and laughing and reservedly at
the boy who left up to the top of the
trees to avoid them
wade washer and slowly walked to the
place where he and lan wong ji had
agreed to meet there were barely any
lights and no one on the streets at
night he didn't need to look around that
white cloud form was standing at the end
of the long street his head hanging
slightly unmoving
waywa shan hadn't yet called out in
greeting when lan wang ji already looked
up spotting him after their eyes met for
a moment he stalked over with a grim
face
way wishing unconsciously took
pardon me
way buchanan unconsciously stuck
a step back for some reason he could
almost see the blood turning lan
wengji's eyes red
he had to say len wang ji was looking
mighty scary uh yeah when wang ji is
pissed just just everybody move just
everybody get out the way
do not get in the way of that angry gay
man holy [__]
just don't just don't
yet unexpectedly with just that step
back
he stumbled and looked almost as if he
was going to fall
len mongeau's face changed and he dashed
over firmly gripping way wishing's wrist
just like he had back at
mount defend steadying him he bent one
knee to the ground reaching to check his
leg
len wong ji's whole ass commitment to
wei wushan never experiencing even the
slightest amount of physical mental or
emotional pain ever again
king of the service tops
like there's no
who else is gonna j
just king
king
give him that [__] crown
where the hell am i okay
um
was quite shocked he quickly said
don't hang one shoe you don't have to do
that
then when she looked up slightly his
light-colored eyes gaze gazing at him
then he lowered his head and continued
to roll up i just remembered that
because there's so many similarities to
the show and like a lot of stuff
from the show was just lifted right up
from the book
i keep forgetting that we get explicit
queerness in this
and every now and then i remember even
with people throwing around the term cut
sleeve i still forget that we'll be
getting
yeah
hand was still in his clutches
oh no no wait sorry back up important
sentence i almost left out
then he lowered his head and continued
to roll up his trouser leg
wade washan's hand was still in his
clutches he couldn't get away and so he
could only look up to the sky
his leg was completely covered with the
bruising black curse mark
len wong ji stared at it for a good
moment before he said greatly embittered
at the site i was only gone for a few
hours i know right you led this by
disaster out your sight for two seconds
and he's already taking a curse upon
himself
way we shan't shrugged several hours
it's a long time anything can happen
come now come now you may rise
he pulled langmanji to his feet and
continued it's only a normal curse mark
you know your garden variety curse on
your leg
it's not anything special just the black
mark of death upon your flesh it's
really we should just all calm down
about this
when the evil spirit comes to seek me
out i'll just smash it to bits of course
hang on jun you'll have to help me i
mean if you don't i won't be able to
handle it did you catch that person was
it him where is he
way to change the subject jesus then
wong ji moved his gaze to the stopped
shop sign of an inn down the street and
way wishing said let's resolve this
matter at the stone fortress first
then he headed toward that inn he had
noticed it before but now he but now
felt his legs were a bit numb probably
from getting shocked by the zidian
thankfully zhang chung knew to control
zidion's power and didn't completely
turn him into a charred electric
sparking corpse
len wong-ji standing behind him suddenly
called out wei ying ooh
i can hear that perfectly in my head
we washing faltered for a moment then
quickly responded like he hadn't heard
that name
what is it
that was transferred from jin ling len
wong she asked it wasn't truly a
question but a statement
wei wushan didn't comment and lenguaji
continued
you ran into zhang yin
on top of the curse mark where mark's
left by zidian so this wasn't difficult
to deduce way we shan't spun around as
long as we both live in this world we'll
meet sooner or later
stop don't go lenguaji said
why are you going to carry me
wee wushan said met by an ellipsis from
lan wong ji mm-hmm
len wong she gazed at him quietly and
the smile hanging off of way wushan's
lips froze a foreboding shadow arose in
his mind if this was the wong ji of the
past he would have been stumped by the
joke put on a cold face and left or
ignored him completely but the lang wang
ji of now
the landmark she have now
it really was hard to say how he would
react sure enough when lan wong she
heard him he moved in front of wei wu
shan and seemed to really be bending at
the knees lowering himself to carry him
on his back
way wishing was stunned once again he
quickly said hold on wait i
was just joking i just got zapped by
city in a couple times that's all it's
not like my legs are broken a full grown
man needing to be carried on someone's
back is too unsightly
is it unsightly glen wong she asked
is it not way we should encountered
after a moment of silence lan wang ji
said but you've also carried me on your
back before
really how come i don't remember way
wishing said huang wang ji replied him
passively you never remember these
things
everyone says my memory is bad fine it
is what it is either way that's a no
you really don't want to len wang ji
pushed way wishing refused categorically
no
the two stared at each other and
stalemate for a moment
then suddenly one of languanji's arms
circled around his back
he bent forward slightly while the other
hand swept beneath the crooks of wei
wushan's knees
weibuche was smaller and lighter in
build so he was easily swept up his body
held in midair
by a pair of strong arms
shan had never expected this to be the
end result of his no
whether in his past or present life this
was the very first time he'd been
treated this way by anyone
he cried an alarm lantean
len wang
in his arms
walked very steadily and answered very
steadily
hang on hang on i'm writing out the page
number with that sentence i'm getting
that like [__] tattooed somewhere
hang on
that is one of my favorite sentences i
have ever read
265.
wow
wow outstanding
you said not to carry you on my back
but i didn't say to carry me like this
weibuchan protested
thankfully night had already fallen and
there was no one on the on the streets
so it wasn't too embarrassing at least
wei wushan wasn't a thin-skinned
individual so after being carried for a
few steps he relaxed he batted at the
sashes on lang wenji's chest and then
laughed as he
moved his hands as if to pull them apart
you want to see who's more thick-skinned
right wait wait i'm just i'm just
realizing something i'm just connecting
dots do you mean to tell me
that when they
were younger in the flashbacks when they
were teenagers it was all about wei
wushan
weiwu shan embarrassing lan wong ji and
now
how the turntables
in present day
it's all about lan one g [__]
calling out waywu shan
and embarrassing him
with the
i hate mxtx okay
moving on moving
on
way with shannon was awash in that
refreshing scent of sandalwood len wang
ji didn't look at him his eyes staring
straight ahead unmoved
ever that income
i get tripped up on this word sometimes
ever that
because i think about it too much
because it's incomparable but i think
it's incomparably
ever that incomparably upright
inc oh of course it repeats incomparably
serious and different face
seeing how his words were falling on
deaf ears way wishing thought as he
continued to play with the sashes
where's the fan art
i can't believe that lan jen is actually
so vindictive he wants to get revenge
for every little thing i teased him with
in the past
yes
vindication
dousing my fun with that cold water of
his what progress not only did his
cultivation improve so did his thick
skin
lanchan did you already know it was me
back at mount defen where we shen asked
languagen replied
len wang xi
i don't even know what i said just then
replied i think it combined
wang ji and roshan anyway
how way we shine was curious
oh no no no
landmark she lowered his eyes
you want to know
yes way lucian said affirmatively
you told me yourself len wong she said
me because of jin ling because i
summoned one ning it can't be any of
that can it any of those incredibly
obvious things all piled together
couldn't possibly be that
a ripple see seemed to stir the pool of
lan wang ji's eyes ooh that's a sentence
however this barely noticeable
disturbance soon faded and they
immediately returned to deep clear
waters
some [__] description of some
[__] eyes
oh
that was nice that was nice
he said sternly think for yourself
it's because i can't that i'm asking you
way wushan complained
this time however no matter how much he
questioned lan wang xi kept his mouth
shut and stopped responding he entered
the end with way we shan in his arms
i will never get used to that [__]
the game made me lose my
and aside from the clerk at the counter
of the main hall who spat out his water
the other onlookers didn't act like
anything was outrageous
they came to the door of their room and
wade shen said all right we're here you
can put me down now you don't have the
hands to open before he finished lan
wang ji performed an extremely
indecorous
act this was perhaps the most borish
thing he'd ever done in his life
with wei wushan in his arms he kicked
the door open
that would be right at the bottom
right at the bottom
of
just so we all know
that's where that is
we are taking deep breaths
the two doors of the room sprang open
and the jittery person sitting inside
immediately cried out
hang on june i don't know i don't know
after seeing the way the two outside the
door had made their entrance he argued
door had made their entrance he
arduously finished dumbstruck i really
don't know
truly the head shaker oh my god they
just kicked away at it
it was as though lead wong shi hadn't
seen him he carried way with shane
inside placing him on the mat nihuasang
looked aghast and immediately opened his
folding fan blocking his own face
just the scandal
i love everything about this way wushan
sized him up through that folding fan
this former classmate of his hadn't
changed much over the years
he had been the same back then
as he was now
he had a refined scholarly face yet
always wore a submissive expression that
made him look like an easy target for
book for bullying into compliance
his outfit was tasteful simple but
but remarkable he must have spent a lot
of time putting it together rather than
the leader of a sect he more resembled
the idol rich
even in dragon robes he wouldn't have
had the heir of a crown prince even
bearing a long saber he had not the heir
of a cultivation leader
he obstinately refused to admit anything
so lan wang ji set down the piece of
fabric the black-haired spirit dog had
torn off new huasong tried to cover the
part of his sleeve that was missing i
just happened to pass by i really don't
know anything he said dolefully
waywashan said let me speak then since
you don't know try and see if you know
something after you've listened
nihuasang hemden had not knowing how to
respond so hey wuchang continued
there's talk of a man-eating ridge and a
man-eating fortress in the ching
hi-shinglu ridge area but there weren't
any real victims so it was only a rumor
this rumor would cause regular folks to
stay away from shingles ridge its real
purpose is a line of defense
and that's only the first line
where there is one there are two the
second line of defense is the walking
corpses at shingle ridge even if there
are normal folks who aren't afraid of
the man eating fortress rumor and
trespass up the ridge or happened to
enter the ridge by accident they would
flee at the sight of the walking dead
however those walking corpses are few in
number and weak in strength so they
can't cause any real damage
the third line of defense is the mays
array near the stone bunkers the first
two defenses were to guard against
normal people while this one guards
against cultivators however its effect
is limited to normal cultivators as for
cultivators equipped with spiritual
devices or spirit hounds or those who
specialize in destroying maize arrays or
distinguished persons
of hang on june's level this line of
defense is easily unraveled
three lines of defense were erected for
the purpose of hiding that stone
fortress on shingle ridge from discovery
it's more than evident who constructed
that stone fortress this is the domain
this is the domain of the knee clan of
ching he
other than the knee family there is no
one who could so easily set down three
defense checkpoints in xinhua
besides you just happened to appear near
the stone fortress and left evidence
behind
what is the purpose of the knee clan of
ching his constructing a man-eating
fortress on xinglu ridge where did the
corpses inside the walls come from were
they devoured sec leader knee if you
don't explain everything clearly today
when this gets out later the cultivation
world will all be knocking on your door
for answers when that time comes even if
you want to speak no one will listen nor
will they believe you
giving up new huasang finally replied
hopelessly that's not a man-eating
fortress at all that's that's my
family's ancestral grave
ancestral grave way we shan't ask whose
family has an ancestral grave that
buries blades and not bodies
me whose song said with a long face hang
one june before i say anything will you
promise that for the sake of our
family's friendship and the fact that my
older brother and your older brother
were sworn brothers that no matter what
i say you and the gentleman next to you
will absolutely not tell
and if this gets exposed in the future
please also help defend me and stand as
witness you have always been a man of
your word as long as you promise i will
believe you as you wish lan wang-ji said
you said it's not a man-eating fortress
then has it devoured anyone
gritted his teeth and answered honestly
yes
whoa way wuchan breathed
me hussang immediately added but it was
only the once the primary fault didn't
lie with our family and besides it was
decades ago the story of the man eating
fortress of shingle ridge started back
then i
i only fanned the flames and exaggerated
the rumors
several fold that's all
please elaborate lan wong ji said
he sat there the threat beneath those
well-mannered words palpable nihuasang
began his slow and reluctant explanation
he said
hang one june
you know our knee family is different
from the other prominent cultivation
clans since our founding father was a
butcher the other clans all wield
spiritual swords where our our clan
wields sabers ooh i have some more art
to show you ooh
this was a widely known fact not a
secret whatsoever even the insignia of
the knee clan of chinga was the savage
head of a beast that looked both like a
hound and a wild boar
our cultivation method is different from
the other clans and with our founding
father's butcher background bloodshed
was inevitable the sabers wielded by our
clan leaders throughout history have
always been extremely heavy with
resentment and killing aura almost every
clan leader has suffered a qi deviation
and died of violent death
their characters were also irratible and
those sabers have a lot to do with it
take nihon's older brother nima this uh
obviously is not what's wrong speaking
take me huasong's older brother nimingju
for example this young cultivation
leader was sworn brothers with lanshi
chen and jin gwang yao
shifung zhun was decisive and resolute
dignified and magnanimous zoo june was
gentle like jade noble and pure in
character
yes he was
and land fungi smooth and resourceful
sharp-witted and intelligent
the three took an oath of sworn
brotherhood during the sunshot campaign
each had their own praiseworthy deeds
and were later venerated as the
threesome
that's where it comes from
sorry ship name
i i now know where that comes from okay
were later venerated as the threeson by
the cultivation oh that would be three
june
right three gin sorry my bad by the
cultivation world however in the prime
of his life ning ming zhu's chi deviated
during an important symposium and he
died violently his body bursting with
blood
and if that was a common thing among the
leaders then it makes even more sense
that that's what happened
you know
realizations made me absolutely lose my
place
many attendees of the symposium that day
were injured while he was in the throes
of madness his dignified name built up
over a lifetime fallen to such disgrace
me hussong must have been thinking of
his older brother for he looked downcast
he continued while the clan leaders were
still alive the agitation of their
sabers could be suppressed by their
masters however once the masters were
dead they had no one to control them so
they would turn murderous
way wushan arched his brow well that's
hitting a bit close to the demonic
cultivation path
yeah oh let me show the art hang on
let me show the art and make sure i
actually like share it well this time
oh in order to do that i've got to click
over here there we go
no no no over here over here no up up up
there we go look at how beautiful
look at how gorgeous all the men damn
what beautiful art
nihousand quickly explained
it's different the demonic path is
called the such because it consumes
human lives
but my family's sabers aren't after
people rather they're after all
nefarious beings such as resentful
ghosts and belligerent spirits they
spend their entire lives exterminating
those creatures so if there's nothing
for them to eradicate they will stir up
trouble themselves and cause unrest in
the family the spirit of a saber
recognizes only one master never to be
handled by another we descendants can't
melt them down because one it's
disrespectful to their forebears and two
melting doesn't necessarily solve this
problem
oh lord hawshan commented
aren't they just so naive song said
sabers that followed their ancestral
masters in hacking through obstacles and
following their path of cultivation they
are lords in their own right
he continued with advancements in
cultivation through the generations this
problem grew more serious with time
until the sixth clan leader of my family
came up with a solution
build this man-eating fortress way we
shan asked
no no although it's related that wasn't
thought of at first ninja song answered
this is what the sixth leader clan did
clan leader
did
he built two coffins for his fathers and
his grandfather's sabers and dug a tomb
nothing precious was placed inside the
tomb instead hundreds of corpses about
to turn fierce were installed inside
lenwang she creased his brows and
nihua's song immediately interrupted in
fright hang with you and let me explain
those corpses weren't killed by my
family they were arduously sought out
and collected from all over
many were bought at a hefty price the
six clan leaders said if those saber
spears went to fight evil then we will
give them evil to fight
burying those corpses about to change
alongside the
coffins housing the blades it was to
make burial offerings to the saber
spirits the saber spirits would suppress
the transformation of those corpses and
at the same time those corpses could
modify the saber spirit's yearning and
madness it would retain the current
status quo and they would balance each
other
it was this method that allowed for
generations of peace for our descendants
to come
then why was the stone fortress
constructed afterward way we shan't ask
why bury the bodies inside the walls and
you said it devoured someone
nihwasang replied
those questions are actually one and the
same
i guess you could say it devoured
someone but it wasn't intentional it was
a saber tomb our sixth clan leader
constructed and it was built in a very
common style of graves at the time with
the generations after simply following
suit but over 50 years this grave was
invaded by a band of grave robbers
said thinking
well that really is breaking ground
where ty ooh thai sweet lies
hmm
tomb construction is such a huge ordeal
this would be me hua song talking tomb
construction is such a huge ordeal word
gets out no matter how prudent and low
profile you try to be mihwa song said
that band of grave robbers probably
asked around and heard there was a grand
tomb on shingle ridge they marked this
target and came prepared they were there
were a couple of genuinely able
cultivators who actually managed to
decipher the position break the mais
array and find our clan saber tomb
they dug a hole and went down entering
the grave those in that profession have
seen plenty of corpses so they weren't
afraid of the dead inside but while they
ransacked the place looking for gold and
treasure they were breathing right next
to the bodies every single one of them
were young and strong males full of yang
energy you must understand there were
corpses about to transform lying in
there
i keep thinking i'm turning two pages at
once but i'm not
it's easy to imagine what happened next
over a dozen corpses turn fierce on the
spot but that band of grave robbers were
very capable and gutsy and very well
equipped at that they actually managed
to kill all the transformed walking
corpses
after a vigorous fight with body parts
strewn everywhere they finally realized
this was a perilous place and
and were preparing to leave it was then
they were retreating that
it was when they were retreating that
they were devoured
the number of corpses installed in in
the tomb is strictly controlled not one
more not one less
just enough to balance the saber spirits
but those grave robbers went in and
caused havoc if they'd only activated
the corpse's transformation it would
have been alright
after they left the saber spirits would
energize and suppress them but they just
had to batter the bodies to pieces
suddenly there was a deficit of over a
dozen bodies in order to maintain enough
fierce corpses to restrict the saber
spirits the saber tomb
had no choice
but to automatically seal the tune
completely forcefully trapping them
inside and having that group fill in the
vacancies they they had themselves
created
with the disrup with the destruction of
the saber tomb the clan leader at the
time began to seek other methods he
selected another plot of land on shingle
ridge and instead of building another
tomb as a replacement a saber offerings
hall was constructed in order to prevent
another visit by grave robbers the
bodies were hidden inside the walls to
deceive others
this saber offerings hall is thus the
man-eating fortress in the rumors those
grave robbers came to ching ha disguised
as hunters when they never returned from
chingle ridge and there were no bones to
be found word began to spread that they
were devoured by monsters on the ridge
later the stone fortress was erected but
before the new maes array was set up
someone saw it by accident in passing
thankfully none of the bunkers had doors
so he couldn't enter but after
descending the ridge he told everyone he
met that that there was a creepy white
fortress on the ridge and that must be
where the man-eating monsters reside
our clan thought it'd be good to
aggrandize the rumors so no one would
dare go close to that area so we
embellished the story and created the
man-eating fortress tale
but it really can't eat people
from his sleeve near song took out a
handkerchief and a white pep
hmm
nihsong took out a handkerchief and a
white pebble the size of a garlic head
the handkerchief was to wipe away his
sweat but he passed the white pebble
over you two can take a look at this
wei wuchen took the white pebble to
examine it he discovered something white
between the powder it appeared to be
a human finger bone
[Music]
it was clear in his mind now after he
was song wiped his sweat he continued
as for that little jin gongji
i don't know how he managed to blow a
hole in the wall that he could do
whoa that he could do so to such a thick
wall means he must have carried plenty
of spiritual devices with him but that's
not the point i mean to say the place he
blew up just so happened to be the
earliest of the saber offerings halls
constructed on shingle ridge
at the time the idea of using two
layered walls with earth in between to
separate the yang energy and prevent
easy corpse transformation
hadn't been formulated and bodies were
put directly into the plaster so when
little jingji blew open a hole he didn't
notice he'd actually blown up a skeleton
buried inside the walls
soon after he entered he was sucked into
the walls of the stone bunker to replace
the body he had blown up
i check on shingle ridge regularly and
when i went today that's what i saw
i had just picked up a rock and then
there was a dog chasing after me
ah the saber offerings hall is pretty
much the same as our incest
as our ancestral grave i did not really
the more nicholson spoke the sadder he
became
generally cultivators know this is my
clan's domain so they don't conduct
night hunts in the qingha area who knew
who knew he'd be so unlucky that first
there was jin lang disregarding the
rules and setting his eyes on chingle
ridge and then len wang ji and wei
wushan who came on
the directions of the ghost arm
he said hang on june and this gentleman
i've said everything please absolutely
do not let this out otherwise
otherwise because the knee clan of
chinhun was already pretty much half
dead at this point if something like
this got out nikoi song would become a
condemned sinner in the history books
and be too ashamed to face his ancestors
when he entered those graves himself no
wonder he would rather be a secret
laughingstock among the cultivation
world than diligently cultivate never
mind wielding a saber
should his cultivation come to fruition
he would become more irratible by the
day and end up like his older brother
and all those that had come before him
berserk and dying alongside a saber that
would curse the world after his death
rather than cause unrest in the clan
having zero accomplishments was the
better
choice
this was a problem without a solution
the knee clan had forged this path since
its founding generation so would its
descendants have to denounce the path
and foundation established by their
forebears the prominent cultivation
clans all had their unique specialties
just as the land clan of gesu was adept
in music the saber spirits of the knee
clan of chiang were fierce and tough
their power was so mighty and
destructive precisely because the skill
required to master it was in a league of
its own if they were to abandon the
discipline of their ancestors and start
anew to find a new path who knew how
many years that would take success would
not be guaranteed not to mention nihsang
would never dare defect from the knee
clan to cultivate a different path thus
he had no choice but to be useless
[__]
if he hadn't been a clan leader and
could spend his life playing around
and painting fans like he had bad back
at the cloud recesses
he would definitely have been much more
at ease than he was now
but since his older brother had passed
away no matter how much his abilities
fell short of his aspirations he had no
choice but to shoulder
the clan's heavy burden and stumblingly
march forward
what a place to stop for today
uh-huh
yeah
um
we're around the middle
of page 277.
yeah
oh
sure
watch the untamed they said
read modau zouche they said it'll be fun
they said
i was just asking alice i was just
asking that question in the um
in the patron uh discord as like when we
can next expect something from mxtx
and that's when apparently i learned
that she's kind of essentially vanished
off the
face of the earth for the time being
and there are like kind of there's
one prevailing theory as to why
that i've somewhat read up on but i'm
not an expert on so i'm not going to
like go into
um
but uh there's one prevailing theory
but uh
we don't really know
we don't really know i imagine
that if slash when mxtx reemerges for
her
fourth book
i i
don't know what i'm gonna do with myself
and i've only been a fan of hers for
like about a year let alone i'm sure
there are plenty of plenty of people in
china who are going to absolutely just
melt down they're going to spontaneously
combust
i i look for i hope that day exists
somewhere in the future
and i am looking forward to it
but we have no idea we have not a clue
[Music]
yeah like there are all kinds of uh-huh
uh-huh
and like when they say when they say
mxtx is like in prison it's not for
it's not for anything like
heinous
you know she didn't assault anyone she
didn't kill anyone
um
it's not that kind of thing
whew
uh
i would love it if she had been released
if that thing is true
um
but what about i've been meaning to ask
this in the discord
um what about maybe i did actually what
about uh priest
the author of uh you know
word of honor and guardian
do we know if she's working on a
i think those are the only two things
she's written so a third book
do we know the status of priest
yeah alice
lots of authors if given half a chance
like to drop all of and everything
um
which is a i i would love to be in that
position drop everything of everything
and just focus on
their writing project
priest has tons of books how have i not
how have i not
i only thought she has so many things
she has all the things i didn't know
this
i did not know this
also kira i'm not going to read your
comment out loud but
you're probably not wrong let's be let's
be real
oh
both of them are
prolific like
although so like so if you're saying
mxtx has written
an outstanding amount of words so if
you're telling me priest is prolific
when we're talking about mxtx in the
same breath
good lord
alice i'm gonna demonstrate my uh my
ignorance for a second what's bg
boys love and
bl is boys love uh
bg
boy girl
is my
big guess
wait legend of fay
answer me this question and then we'll
and then i'll end the stream legend of
faye
priest wrote that
but
wasn't that wasn't wang yibo
in something recently
called legend of fay
was that legend of fay a priest
adaptation
am i connecting the correct dots
yeah
no one ever told me that
everyone was just like whangy bo is in
this new thing called the legend of fame
nobody mentioned it was a priest
adaptation
hilarious
that is so [__] funny oh my god
how many since she writes straight stuff
in addition to queer stuff
a woman after my own heart um
out of the tons that she's written
what's the split does she like
mostly write gay stuff and occasionally
write
for the straights or the other way
around or is it like a 50 50 split
yeah yeah she yoon that was the
character's name
yeeba has a new one
coming out
i think he's like
a lawyer
and he's alongside
oh i hope i get his name right i think
this is his name tony long he's like an
icon he's a chinese icon
oh cool alice it's a pretty split thing
yeah between beyond that's cool
that's cool
legend of a has bi vibes all over the
place
oh let's see we're already um pushing 4
45 so the wife should be walking in any
minute now
i'll see if she wants to wave goodbye to
y'all
oh by disasters
this is good timing too i'm just now
running out of water
oh man
i hadn't checked up on on one ebo on on
what he was up to filming wise lately
aside from what's come across
um
tumblr
[Music]
i sure as hell don't alice
people don't realize how long a lot of
chinese novels are
they don't
because i committed to reading this one
before i found out and then it turned
out to be half a million goddamn words
like i learned anything though because
now i'm about to open um
sometime this year
tgcf
which is like almost a million words so
i learned nothing but at least they're
being released in volumes so it's not
all at once the wife is here
wave goodbye hello oh you're cold it's
cold outside well then yes this makes
sense
hello hi people hi
i figured we were kind of naturally
running towards the time where you'd be
getting home so i figured i'd let you
come home and wave goodbye to the people
oh that's so sweet
that means i get to wave hello
and goodbye
uh so i don't forget again once again we
ended on
277 page 277 or 276.
we're on that page we're you know we're
in the middle
no no it is 277 we're in the middle of
277. now i've said it about a bajillion
times
so thank you for tuning in
uh as per usual i think we did i think
we did about the same we made about the
same 20-page progress as we usually do
if not a bit
more um
i apologize for the coughing yet again
but regardless
a cat cameo
hello
no you're you're stuck
you're stuck to my no there we go hello
we need to trim your claws
no
[Music]
lord meanwhile my cat is wreaking havoc
um
this is what happens when everybody
comes home tuesday same time 3 30
uh
i seem
to have gotten my [__] together when it
comes to
prepping for these live streams maybe
i'll actually look at hi
maybe i'll actually look at the
pronunciation guide again
and keep learning that so that
i can just feel people out there just
wincing every time i pronounce certain
words and i'm so sorry i'm a filthy
american
but still tuesdays and thursdays until
it's done
3 30 p.m
and that's it that's it i think that's
it i think that's it
uh please remember to take care of
yourself
i will see you on tuesday wish me luck
because i have a very long day of moving
stuff tomorrow
so and
i will
and i will see you guys on tuesday if
you can make it oh and of course as per
usual tell me what you worked on during
this hour either in these comments
because i go back and read them all or
down in the comments of the video that
gets posted the second the stream ends
now i've covered everything you like me
just hanging over your shoulder like
this i do actually
bye guys i'll see you on tuesday
you're